
fun long-term bonuses
	floats
	omega processor (1 instruction, turing-complete)
	more conditional branch uses
		ifs - fake/bad code in branch-not-taken?
	bne
	boolean ops
	
	
reader & printer - memory is punch cards?
theme
	overall
		renaissance italy? (wood, paper, blueprints, marble?)
		golden age muslim? (colorful stone, octagons/other geometry, symbolic script)
	flows
		water (sand?) - values 'carried along' regularly - no power = dry/empty, red = flows off edge, unknown = mud?
		light / arcing electricity - sets of mirrors/tesla coils at joins - dotted lines to indicate paths when power not flowing - unknown=?
		fuck's sake, roads, use camels or shit if you want, but flows between buildings = roads. use a metaphor people understand.
	goal
		calculate the names of God?
		war machines?
	
	art style
		map - medieval style?
		roads, buildings, warehouses, etc
		heavily stylized/simplified?
		
	memory: heaven
	values: solidified wisdom of the lord
		unpowered = inert, unknown = corrupted
	sheik retrieves wisdom from heaven (memory) (dread)
		scholar interprets particularly complex wisdom (instructions) (caliph? madrassa?)
	manipulated / stored as a solid - an ore or metal - so smithing, forging, combination
	sent back to heaven as a sacrifice or prayer (?)
	internal wires = corridors, exterior = paths, nodes = rooms
	'blocking' control wires = corridor guards (pikes, swords?)
	'code monastery'
	not = curmudgeon (only contradicts what other people say!)
	'out' is just a corridor
	sysclock should be a muzzein-tower - day/night cycle based on 5x clock period?
	dwriter: sacred cave/temple
		'one-way, targeted journey'
		cannon?
		beam-me-up device?
		caravannaserai w/departure board
			but then what's the reader? same w/arrival board?
	reader = observatory
	
	level select = inverted map of levant + egypt + mecca area - in the style of roger of sicily's map?
	
	double grid-dim, starting line width again? (default to 1/2, old 1/2 = new 1/4th, etc)
		no - current 1x can barely work in, new 1x would be impossible!
	
	the will of the lord
	player is individual - caravan attacked by bandits, wandered in desert, discovered sacred cave filled with rows of tablets of the lord's values
	angel manifests - demands that the player take a tablet and return with '2'
	abandoned buildings - labor to use them to produce '2'
	earthquake - buildings collapse - must do it on one's own! (the mercy of the lord owing to his love for thy people to give thee a second chance)
	as game goes on, accumulate followers - the numinous emanations of the angel of the lord put a rightous fear in them, owing to which they follow thy will
	eventually, at the moment of triumph, the caliph's men sweep in, and all is laid to ruin just as the final city of god neared completion
	forced into hiding - thy followers filled with uncertainty - must deal with new delay
	player gender ambiguous
	'trials of the lord'
	pre-placed sacred cave entrances based on writer limit? (pre-placed writers?) how do readers interact/manifest?
		
	must build a city of god - by thy industry a place where the lord's will is executed as it is recieved
	
	narrative through dinfo, tooltips, maybe between-chapter big comic-type things (where would those come from?)
		concern - don't want to impinge on teaching concepts / explaining goals with obtuse language
	
	octagons look reasonably cool, but will require collision changes - end of need for corner protection (no longer need to register points?)
	
	alt metaphor - crates of goods?
		+ = full, - = empty (to be filled on dest)
		caravans to / from mem
		'bribe' for amount to travel/travelled (address)
		selection? blocking?
	
	metaphor as purely visual metaphor - all text as at present (barring improvements), but desert buildings instead of grey blocks, etc
	
	map:
		spots on map
		mouse to see name
			ADV: and best time
			ADV: and best parts
			SUPER ADV: and 
		click to select level
			name/details appear except when mousing another level (similar to ddelay code)
			last level starts selected
			SUPER ADV: caravan moves along roads from last level to new one; settles into camp at dest
		click again to play
			hint: 'click to play' appears below selected level
		basic/delay/speed levels linked somehow; on same spot on map
			how does this interact with plan bundling?
		can click something to the side of selected level to toggle between level versions 
		ADV: unlocked spots connected by road
			how to handle AND?
		SUPER ADV: on first return to menu after beating level, roads from level to new unlocks draw out
		ADV: pines appear on beaten tutorial levels; 1-3 palm trees on beaten normal levels
		ADV: map bg (roger of sicily's map, pixelized & localized)
		
	map zones
		basic
			tutorial
			optional control tutorials
			cpu
		delay
			tutorials
			cpu
		pipeline
			tutorials
			cpu
			
		egypt -> alexandria, syria -> damascus, palestine -> jerusalem?
	
	more literal - cool glowy circuit theme? (pcb)
		how to make modules distinctive?
		level theme?
	
	clouds as bg?